Theme Tune: [Music]
Al: Hello farmers and welcome to another episode of the harvest season. My name is Al.
Micah: and i'm mica
Al: And we're here today to talk a bit. Cut to score games.
Micah: cottish core games
Al: If there's anything other than PCopia, guys.
Micah: poco poco poco poco cottage court
Micah: poco
Micah: uh there's something there
Al: But I see where you're going, that's going to take some workshoping, probably not, probably
Micah: cottish copia that's like I don't know
Al: not workshoping that we need to record.
Al: It's like just an hour of us trying to figure out the pun, no, no, because this is not,
Al: this is not our yearly game of the year episode, which runs to stupid time, nor is it a
Al: story of seasons, nor a harvestman episode, so this should not be a two hour long episode.
Micah: It shouldn't be being the key phrase there you told me before when we before we recorded you said yesterday
Al: I, I checked the top, the, yeah.
Micah: you said uh I said I gotta I gotta do it not like quick but like I gotta not do like a three hour
Micah: episode this time and you said every episode you're on is the longest episode
Al: - Hmm.
Al: Yeah, pretty much.
Al: I can't remember, I don't have the list in front of me,
Al: but a while ago, a couple months ago,
Al: I did look at the top 10 longest episodes,
Al: and you were on all except one of them.
Al: [laughing]
Micah: - Oh boy, you know, and I said it's because I work from home.
Micah: So I don't talk to anybody besides my partner Becky.
Micah: So I just, you know, when I got,
Micah: when someone gives me an opportunity to talk,
Micah: I'm hitting that age, you know?
Al: It's when we do the game of the year episode and we do the the greenhouse first and it's like the greenhouse goes for an hour and a half and we're like, Oh, no, what an hour and a half and then we've not even
Micah: We're like, old people just ramble.
Micah: I'm hitting that age, we're like,
Micah: I'm just, I'm rambling 'cause I got nobody to talk to.
Micah: [laughter]
Al: started the episode. Do you regularly regularly come out with four hours of recording? Yes, not today.
Micah: But not today.
Micah: I'm raining it in.
Micah: [laughter]
Al: We're not recording a greenhouse and we have a strict schedule to get through. We are going to talk about poker. We don't have a specific poker. Be a topic. I just want to talk about poker with Micah because why not? So we're going to do that before that obviously before that we have some news. But first of all, Micah, what have you been up to? What?
Micah: I've been playing Pocopia. No way. No, I also moved. So that was a it's been a
Al: Congratulations.
Micah: chaotic view. Yeah, no, it's a it's a it's a good thing. Very happy with the new place. It's
Micah: uh, you know, quite a ways away from where we were. So it was a big move. And uh, yeah, it's
Micah: you know it's it's crazy because we lived at the place
Micah: we were at previously for about 10 years so it was a very big move and I said that to my coworkers who are all younger than I am and they're like 10 years dang you're old.
Al: Yeah, we've we've been at this place now for nine years. So we're, we're, we're almost, we're almost at that decade, which is that's a great time to hit because then if you ever do like background checks and stuff, you'll need to give one address because it's like the last seven years and like that's the same place there's a great moment, disaster.
Micah: Yeah
Micah: Yep, yep. Yeah, now we got a now we got to start over so
Micah: No, it's it's great where we're really happy with it
Micah: You know, you don't realize how much you
Micah: How much you acquire in ten years
Micah: Especially as someone who collects stuff so you know, it's uh, it was a it was a hefty move
Micah: But we're situated now and
Micah: slowly unpacking and organizing and it's right, like we just did, but other than that
Al: In ten years you'll find the boxes that you've not unpacked.
Micah: when I've got downtime, I'm playing Pocopia, that's my, that's my, oh gosh, I have finished
Al: Nice. What's your, what's your Pocopia status then? What, what's your decks looking like? What your areas? Have you, have you finished the main story?
Micah: main story of rolled credits for sure. I
Al: Okay.
Micah: Was I didn't cry but I was very happy with it. I was very it was it was a very emotional moment. I was I would yeah. Yeah. I was very very happy with it. I I have I just look now because I haven't looked in a while my current played for a status on the switch user settings says 300 hours or more so and as far as
Al: Yeah, it got yellow.
Al: Oh, my words.
Micah: Uh, milestones go.
Micah: I have, um, the withered wasteland to, uh, 10, 10, 10, 10, not 10 star. What is it? It's,
Al: Environment Level 10.
Micah: it's rated for environment level 10. And the other places I have at probably environment
Micah: level seven or eight. So I've spent a huge chunk of time in a withered wasteland.
Al: Okay. So you, so you must be spending a lot of time just building stuff then, because
Micah: Yes, a lot.
Al: I'm a, I'm a 125 hours and I'm done.
Micah: I could very easily at this point, like do what I did to get withered wasteland to area level 10 with
Micah: everywhere else. Uh, but I have, I have a very specific build project that I'm working on.
Micah: Uh, and I am doing something very special with it that I, I'm not going to delve too deep into, but I will say that I am
Micah: essentially doing a like
Micah: a reconstruction project so I'll get into it a little bit later once we're what's where you happen
Al: Hmm, turn off. Okay.
Al: Yeah, yeah. Well, yeah, we can talk, we can talk more about that later. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Al: Yeah. Sounds good. Okay. Uh, so for me, I think last episode I was on was two weeks ago,
Al: and I was saying at that point that I was maybe about halfway through the decks. I'd already got
Al: the level 10 in every area, including Palatine. And then I was like, feeling like I was going to hit
Micah: Okay. Okay.
Al: at that point.
Al: I'm sure we've talked about this before.
Al: I always have a point with games where I'm like, "Uh oh, I'm done.
Al: I can't.
Micah: [laughing]
Al: This is done.
Al: I've worn off."
Al: Not that I don't like the game anymore.
Al: It's just my brain has switched off and I am done with this game.
Micah: Mm-hmm.
Al: And I can feel when it's coming.
Al: So there's a point where I'm like, "This is going to come soon."
Al: And I need to finish what I'm doing and get whatever things I want done, done.
Al: So I was like, "Okay, I need to see..."
Al: Especially because Tom of that life is now out.
Al: I need to start thinking about that game.
Micah: Right. Right.
Al: So I was trying to get the decks done.
Al: I think two episodes ago I said, "Let's see where I am in a week, see what my decks is like."
Al: A week ago, I didn't end up podcasting, but I was, at that point, I was 300, I was
Al: at 280, and I'm now done.
Micah: Oh wait, oh, so you finished your you poked excellent, okay, wow
Al: >> I finished the book of text, yeah.
Al: So I spent four days, four to five days,
Al: I had like 10 Pokemon life to go,
Al: and so I had all of the habitats just sitting out so I check it regularly,
Al: and I was just off hunting the sleets,
Al: the mysterious sleets, which that is what I would tell anybody is,
Micah: I see, okay.
Al: see if you ever want to get all of the sleets and whatever you get from that,
Al: which I'm not going to spoil in this part of the podcast.
Al: I'm sure what we'll do and I'll all spoilers are fine.
Al: In the main poker beer section but for this section we'll try not to spoil that and if you want to get all those slates
Al: Treasure hunt regularly small amounts
Al: Regularly because I was just that was all I was doing for five days straight and let me tell you that is not fun
Micah: Yeah. So I, so I have that essentially done. The problem is that I, I wanted to save.
Micah: I saw what, because once you get to a certain, again, without spoiling until we get there,
Micah: once you get to a certain point of completion of the mural, right? Like you know what
Al: Yeah, yeah, you can see, yeah, yeah.
Micah: it's going to be because you can see the, so I have all but one plugged in.
Micah: And I decided that I was going to save it until I'm completely done with my project in this area.
Micah: And what I will tell you is that they, the game knows which one you haven't put in yet.
Micah: And so if you save it, when you treasure hunt, it will just in on date you with that one.
Al: Oh really?
Micah: Until you I have about, I have about 10 duplicates of the same.
Al: That's amazing.
Micah: Last tile, because the game really wants me to finish it.
Al: That's hilarious. I, I will say this might help you. I don't know. Even if you do complete
Micah: Mm-hmm
Al: the mural, you still have to do something to do that to get that final thing. So you could put it
Micah: Okay
Al: in and just not do the thing. That is a possibility. I'm not saying you should. I'm just saying
Micah: Sure
Al: that is a possibility if you wanted to do that. But it's probably because I think after you do that,
Al: it then just gives you random slates like you do keep getting slates even after you've finished.
Micah: Okay. I see.
Al: Random until you've completed it, it will not give you, until you have all of the slates,
Al: it won't give you any duplicates, which is nice. Yeah.
Micah: So once you have all of the slates, does it then still give you duplicates?
Micah: Will you still get like once it's all done the project's all done?
Al: I'm pretty, I'm pretty certain it does.
Micah: Okay, I kind of am excited about that.
Al: You just, you want to build a second one, do you?
Micah: Yes.
Micah: Absolutely I do.
Al: Okay, fair enough.
Micah: Good info, thank you.
Al: Yeah, okay. Cool. So yeah, so yeah, I've done the decks. I've done I've done with the game.
Micah: I just looked.
Micah: I just looked at my decks completion.
Micah: I have sensed, quote unquote, about 288 Pokemon.
Al: Oh wow. That's why something that to have all of those sensed and not when you're when you're not actively trying is is very funny.
Micah: I have registered 150.
Micah: It's because I think my.
Micah: I think it's because I keep.
Micah: My habitat decks is almost completely done.
Micah: So, you know, when you get to a certain point, it shows you.
Al: Yeah
Al: Well, kind of yeah
Micah: If you build this habitat, you'll get this.
Al: Kind of but like I had a point where like of my last 10 pokemon only three of them
Al: I had sensed even though I'd built all of the habitats. I still had seven Pokemon that were just unknown
Micah: Hmm. Yeah, I don't know.
Al: Which is funny and then it just had to wait for them
Micah: Yeah, it's...
Micah: I've got a lot of shadows of Pokemon that I know exactly who it is, but I haven't seen it yet.
Al: Yeah
Al: I think it possibly because of the like because the some of them you can only get in specific areas and obviously some of them are only at night or only in rain or whatever
Al: Anyway, yeah, yeah, so that's where we have done. I've done it to campus and so there's a DLC
Al: That's me
Al: It's funny because yeah, I'm 125 hours and we were
Al: You're just you're just building stuff
Micah: Yeah, I'm just I'm just building I'm having a good time building
Al: Maybe at some point I might go back and finish getting a cloud island to level 10
Al: That's the only thing I've not got to level 10 is my cloud island, but I got to know
Al: Vincent's doing a good job for that. He's got my my idea and he keeps going in and doing stuff on it
Al: So he's using it as a testing ground before he does stuff on his
Micah: I see
Al: And it just it's just automatically building up the environment level because of that
Al: We're going to talk more about Pocopia obviously, but let's go for some news.
Al: Now, first up, we have outbound. So this is if you're not aware, Mikeo, this is the campervan.
Al: You build a ridiculous thing on top of your campervan game.
Micah: Was this any like a like a I think we remember seeing a trailer of this
Al: it was in the late, was there an, an ND direct, I think. Yeah,
Micah: Any showcase, maybe?
Al: in the showcase, yeah, I think they had it in that. So it's.
Micah: Okay, okay.
Micah: Yes, now that I'm seeing the trailer for it, yes, exactly.
Micah: That's exactly what it was.
Al: It has been delayed. So this, they say late in the process, an
Micah: Oh, no, okay.
Al: issue has been identified that could negatively impact your
Al: enjoyment of the game. Unfortunately, there wasn't enough
Al: time to still guarantee a release across all platforms on the
Al: internet. Please be assured that our team has worked extremely
Al: hard to address this and did everything possible to stay
Al: on schedule. I really interested as to what, like, how big
Al: a bug it is that they're like, no, we're delayed for a month.
Al: Like, it's not just any bug that does that. Yeah, fascinating.
Micah: Especially that late in the game
Micah: It must have been something. It must have been something like it's got to be something like game breaking
Al: I really hope the tale is one time.
Al: Yeah, or like, yeah, save file corruption or something like that.
Micah: Yeah
Al: Anyway, so uh
Al: There we go, but that's fine. More time to play POCOPIA before it comes out.
Micah: Mm-hmm. Oh, you know what? Real quick. I just noticed
Micah: Uh as I was about to close my outbound tab. I just realized that it is
Micah: part of the earth appreciation
Micah: Festival on Steam which runs April 17th to the 24th and they updated that release date
Micah: Uh two days beforehand, so really must have been extremely last minute because
Al: Unfortunate timing.
Micah: This game cannot be a part of a sale event if there is nothing to to buy so
Micah: That's crazy. Wild.
Al: Yeah. Oh dear. Unfortunate.
Al: Seeds of calamity have announced that their 1.0 is now out and they are also
Al: steam deck, steam deck verified. So if you've been waiting for this game to hit 1.0,
Al: now's the time. There you go. Ta-da. Boo.
Micah: All right.
Al: Recent reviews are mixed apparently, so that's unfortunate.
Al: I don't know, this one is very much kind of like.
Al: Pretty generic stardew-like, there's nothing about this that makes me go, "I must play this. This is why it's different."
Al: I mean, it looks fine, right? Like everything about it looks fine, but I'm not, there's no hic for why I should
Micah: Yeah, yeah, it does very much look like a stardew blown like even down to the
Al: Oh, I guess the combat looks different.
Al: So it looks like there's, it's like a turn-based RPG combat
Al: rather than the real-time combat of Stardew.
Micah: Oh, okay. Yeah, I mean, even down to like the character animations and the UI and stuff, it feels very, sorry to you.
Al: So I guess that's something and you battle with spells.
Al: Yeah.
Al: Yeah, yeah, yeah, which is not necessarily bad,
Micah: No.
Al: but the problem, the problem is,
Al: if you're trying to be Stardew, but you have to have a bot,
Micah: Mm-hmm.
Al: and there has to be a reason for me to play you rather
Al: on Stardew again.
Al: But maybe I'll play at some point.
Al: We'll see.
Al: So now, and verified on Steam Deck,
Al: which is always important to me.
Micah: Mm-hmm, mm-hmm
Al: Next up, Michael, we've got a DLC for Hello Kitty Island adventure.
Micah: Huge massive
Al: The, the city town DLC, it is out now.
Al: They say a Rainbow Metropolis awaits.
Al: Join Ushahani at Ushahana.
Al: I'm guessing that's another character
Al: in the Holocatee vase.
Micah: I've never heard that name before.
Al: Join Ushahana in Citytown and discover a world of creativity, friendship and fun.
Al: Run your own customizable imagination cafe,
Al: set up all new shops with Sanrio friends and unlock the power of dreams to uncover the city's hidden wonders.
Al: So, yes, Ushahana, the H confused me, Ushahana.
Micah: Oh, who's who's a hana?
Micah: Okay, I
Micah: Have I have seen this character. I did not know that that was their name. They're kind of like if stitch
Al: And unlock 35 friendship levels or stitches, yeah, that's a good point.
Micah: Ditches was a hello kitty character
Al: Yep, yep, I can see that.
Al: Welcome Ushah, Ushahana.
Al: I keep wanting to say Ushahana.
Al: So, Hana, become best friends and unlock 35 friendship levels.
Al: Explore Citytown with 90 plus original quests and 30 plus hours of adventure.
Al: That's a big update.
Micah: Yeah, that is a big deal. I'm also like very pleasantly surprised at how regularly they're
Micah: still updating that game. Because it feels like something that, I don't know, I guess I'm just
Micah: like so jaded and used to like cash grabs for stuff like that that I'm like, you get the
Al: Well, so here's the problem is it is a paid DLC
Micah: game out and then you and then that's it. Oh, I see, I see.
Al: 22 pounds 49 which presumably is about 25 dollars. It's just not cheap
Micah: Sorry. Uh, yeah, that's, that's, that's crazy. But most of their other stuff has not been
Al: But it does seem it does seem like a decent amount of content for that. Yeah. Yeah, this I think let me check. Is this the first DLC?
Micah: right. Oh, no. There was, there were multiple that caused money.
Al: No, there was another DLC
Al: It was cheaper though, but it's probably got less stuff
Al: I mean if this is the game that if this is the game that you're playing all the time
Micah: I'm sure. Yeah.
Al: Then it's probably not a lot to add on a bunch of extra stuff
Al: I feel like Hello Kitty people are going to be fine to pay to access another Samuel
Al: character, right?
Micah: Yeah. You know, I think I will probably be one of the ones to wait until there's a definitive
Micah: edition or whatever. You know, but uh, but it's cool that they're still doing stuff with it.
Al: Yeah, yeah, yeah
Al: You can buy the fill bundle on sale for 22% off just now if you get the game the deluxe edition and the 2 DLC's for
Micah: Oh, I must be looking at the wrong, this is, I'm so confused.
Al: 42 pounds so what's that about $45?
Micah: Minds is 29% off and then it's a price of individual products, $70.72 USD and then it's
Micah: this bundled discount 0%, so I don't know what, I don't know what's up with that, but
Al: Oh, that's weird. Oh, I tell you what I tell you what this is confused because I own the base game
Micah: it. Oh, I see, I see, yeah, I don't know what I'm going to give it, so I guess it's,
Micah: it's just $70 USD USD if you don't.
Al: Oh, I also, I also have a bundle discount of 0%, but it, it's definitely not a bundle
Al: discount of 0%, because I'm seeing 22% off as well.
Al: This is very confusing.
Micah: - Yeah, it is $100 USD for the bundle,
Micah: but the discount brings it down to $70 USD.
Al: Yeah.
Al: Okay.
Micah: So there is a 30-ish percent discount, but yeah.
Al: Yeah, if I add on the price for the base game to my price, that takes it to 63.
Micah: Okay. Uh, I'm sure that at some point there will be a Hello Kitty ultimate collection or whatever
Micah: that will have all of it at like a $60 price point or a steam or at the switch to version that's
Micah: a $70 price point or whatever. You know, I'm sure I'm sure it'll get to that point.
Al: [laughing]
Al: Next, we have Roots of Patcher,
Al: have released their anniversary update,
Al: and it has hats for pets.
Micah: Huh, hey, it's big.
Al: So if you want your hats on your pets,
Al: if you wanna put a little cowboy hat on your lion,
Al: well, you've read it across a savanna,
Al: then there you go, you can do that.
Micah: That's huge.
Al: There's also some other stuff that I do really care about.
Al: There's it's it's got a bunch of additional things in basically everything, right? Like there's new cutscenes for characters. There's a new washing spot, there's a bunch of stuff that would make sense to people who'd actually played the game.
Micah: - Sure.
Al: But the big thing is hats for pets. It just hats for pets make you want to play at them. That's
Micah: - Who is not me?
Micah: - I need to, I'm being honest.
Micah: - It doesn't, it doesn't make me want to play it less,
Micah: that's for sure.
Al: I worry. We've hit the point where I'm never going to play this game now. Like, you know,
Al: how there's a point where you're like, if you don't pick up on release, that's okay.
Micah: - Yeah.
Al: You've still got time. But then after a couple of years, you're like, I'm probably never
Micah: - Mm-hmm.
Micah: - Yeah, yeah.
Micah: It's just, there's just too much.
Micah: And I think I'm, I think I'm also at that point.
Micah: Not too much in the game said there's too much other stuff to be played.
Al: Speaking of game. Yeah, yeah, well, exactly speaking of games. I'm probably never going to play
Al: Slime Rancher 2
Al: Have released their 1.2 update the radiant slime sanctuary update. So this adds radiant slimes
Micah: No way, do they sparkle, and they're a different color palette than--
Al: Which can you guess what they are mica
Al: Yeah, yeah, yeah, they're shinies
Micah: [laughs]
Micah: Oh, way.
Al: I will say the same thing about slime rancher.
Al: You're not Pokémon, I'm not going to put in the time to shiny hunt in your game.
Al: It's just not going to happen, sorry.
Micah: Yeah, yeah, it's going to really take something, you know, like maybe monster hunter, monster hunter had like a like a shiny mechanic, maybe, but
Al: [laughter]
Al: "What star do you had, like shiny villagers?"
Micah: Doesn't that just imply that if it's a color palette swap, it's
Al: Oh no, it's just a race swap. No! What have I done? Why have I brought this into the world
Al: this concept? Oh no, Clint's black now. Oh dear. The update also adds in the sanctuary
Micah: That would be a
Micah: fascinating pivot
Micah: for concern date
Al: and the caretaker. The caretaker is a special NPC.
Al: And this entry is an area especially designed for caring for your slimes, particularly with helping your radiant slimes shed some of that prisma energy while still retaining their lovely radiant colors and I'm sure that means something to someone.
Micah: I played slime rancher one and that because, you know, it's a dragon quest fan anything with slimes and you know
Micah: Playing like Ragnarok online and stuff because they remind me more of the Ragnarok online slimes. They're they're a little bit more like that
Micah: But it it appeals to me. I just just not enough for me to play this equal so
Al: Yeah, I like the content concept of Slows Engine.
Al: That's it.
Micah: Yep. Yeah. I'm in that. I'm in.
Al: Our final main news item before we also have a new game to talk about, but before that,
Al: the farmer was replaced and just for context, Mike, this is a game where you write code to farm.
Al: So you're basically you're a drone on a farm and you have to tell it what to do to, you know,
Al: so and water and harvest.
Micah: Oh, can I ask a question about that?
Al: So this update for the game is called the typeer was replaced and they have added let me just let me just read what they said a few months ago. We had a fun idea. What if you could use the farmer was replaced to automate another game. Here's a little experiment. We did on that together with the creators of the typeer was replaced.
Micah: If I don't know how to code, does this?
Micah: Oh, okay, that's kind of interesting.
Al: So the farmer was replaced to automate another game. Here's a little experiment we did on that together with the creators of the typeer.
Al: The typing game tap tap loot which officially releases today and bongo cat we built an integration to automate their games. Now you can automate your typing using the new tap function in the farmer was replaced.
Micah: Oh, interesting.
Micah: This is, this is about as extremely, like,
Micah: coder-oriented as I would expect a coder code-based farming sim to be.
Al: Yeah. It is the most, it is the most programmer thing. It's like, okay, so I've made a game all around
Al: programming farming. Now, what else can I do? Oh, let's, let's, let's have it. So you, you're actually
Micah: Now what if I use that game to program?
Al: combine it's, it's, there's a little, uh, gif of it in the post, but it's basically controlling
Al: all three games at once.
Micah: That's kind of crazy. That's impressive.
Al: I know, right? I love it.
Micah: I'm actually like really kind of interested in this because I don't know anything about coding and I like the idea of
Micah: laying something that I'm always a fan of when like there's a game that can teach me something that I've never learned before.
Al: Yeah, yeah, I'm pretty sure that this has a I mean, I haven't played it yet
Micah: And like a like an interesting way.
Al: I have purchased it my plan is to play at some point and talk about it
Micah: Right. Right. Exactly.
Al: Because how can I not?
Al: Like I I'm a programmer that is what I do. I need to talk about the programming farming game, right?
Micah: Yeah. 100%.
Al: Like
Al: It would be like not talking about pokopia, which is a Pokemon farming game, right? Like the next will have a Pokemon farming
Micah: Well, you let these guys keep working at this. They might make it so that their game can program any game, so.
Al: programming game, like that would be the ultimate in danger.
Al: [Laughter]
Al: Yeah, someone barestopped them.
Micah: As a programmer is the title a programming joke.
Al: Well, the farmer was replaced
Micah: Yeah. I don't.
Al: Well, I think I mean I think it's just a simple like that there is no farmer because you're a drone
Micah: Oh, okay. I don't know if they'd like.
Al: So you're you're automating it, right? So the idea is like where I think it's a joke based on the idea of
Al: Computers replacing jobs and this is replacing farming, right?
Micah: I see, I see.
Micah: I didn't know if the blank was replaced was like a common coded joke programing joke.
Al: No
Al: No noise
Micah: Okay, all right.
Al: Not that I'm aware of anyway.
Micah: Okay.
Micah: I like the drone with the, the, the, the farming, like cowboy hat on.
Al: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Al: Alright, I just need to set some time aside to actually play the game.
Al: Alright, we have one new game to talk about.
Al: And this is possibly the most generic farming game I've ever heard of.
Al: Farmers Dynasty 2.
Micah: [laughing]
Al: Build your dream farm and secure your family's future.
Al: Cultivate your fields, raise animals and shape your dynasty.
Al: Generations.
Al: And there's beautifully crafted life and farming simulation.
Al: Start your dynasty today.
Micah: That's just farming.
Al: Yeah.
Micah: You just described that owning a farm in real life.
Al: Yeah, this basically looks like farming simulations.
Micah: It does accept that they're, I'll say it, at least from the like, the character
Micah: scenes, not a pretty game, not a good looking game.
Al: Oh yeah, I hate the character models. They're they're they're like Sims 2 level characters
Micah: Yeah, if it has the vibe of like,
Micah: what do you call that like an asset flip game?
Al: Yeah. Maybe. I will see its reviews are mostly positive.
Micah: Which may not be the case.
Micah: I don't want to, you know, I don't want to accuse them of something that
Micah: Okay, yeah, it's a, it's just, it's very interesting.
Micah: It also, from the, from the scenes with the characters in it, it gives the vibe of
Micah: like a Bethesda RPG for dialogue where it like zooms in on their
Micah: kind of scary looking faces.
Micah: And locks you in like a dialogue tree, which is an interesting thing for a farming game.
Al: That's the thing is like I love when it's like because Bethesda games are the same with
Al: these zoom in on the face and it's just like you're just like horrified by this face
Micah: Mm-hmm.
Al: because it's like why are you putting so much focus on this character model that looks
Al: ugly what are you doing yeah yeah it's like it's like Pokemon character models don't
Micah: And you're locked in there. You can't escape it. Yeah, that's a
Al: great but at least they don't zoom in on it highlight the
Al: worst part of it. Good to meet!
Micah: Yeah, show you every point you know now that we've been talking about this and then laughing about it
Micah: I'm a little bit more interested
Al: you want to play for the memes yeah I mean I have no interest in playing this
Micah: Two minutes ago. It's a it's a it's a very curious curious-looking game
Al: whatsoever right I feel the exact same way about this as I feel a bit
Al: farming simulator maybe maybe a bit worse not for me please do I would love to
Micah: Yeah, yeah, well, uh, you know if I play it I'll let you know
Al: question you about this.
Al: I guess let's just get out of the way now. There will probably be some spoilers and we don't want to have to think about that. So if you really care about spoilers and you haven't finished the story or you really cared about what Bulbasaur and Paris talk to each other about any of those tiny things.
Micah: Oh
Micah: Mm-hmm. Yes, it did
Al: If you really care about doing everything in the game
Al: you here spoilers go away I can't promise what we're going to talk about we're just going to see
Micah: [laughter]
Micah: Now's your chance.
Micah: Now's your chance to get out what you can.
Al: So my car you have 300 hours in the game you said the end in 50 was it 300
Micah: Yes, 300.
Micah: According to the--
Micah: I can give you probably a more finite number
Micah: by looking at the Nintendo eShop app or whatever it is
Al: So that's all right, 300 300 is enough. We're all good safe to say you like the game
Micah: on my phone.
Micah: but 300 is a war.
Micah: And you know, I knew this.
Micah: This happens a lot where I'm like,
Micah: I see something coming on.
Micah: I'm like, oh, I'm going to be obsessed with that game.
Micah: And then it comes out and I played, you know,
Micah: probably like 50 hours of it.
Micah: And I'm like, this is awesome.
Micah: And then I put it down and don't ever really touch it again.
Micah: I knew that this was going to be,
Micah: I mean, it's the perfect intersection of like
Micah: Animal Crossing Minecraft Pokemon,
Micah: which are all like things that I really enjoy.
Micah: and it's very...
Micah: easily sink a lot of my time into.
Micah: So it wasn't a stretch to say that this was going to be something that I'd invest a lot of time into and that turned out to be true.
Micah: So... Yeah. The Pokemon farm sim.
Al: I'm pretty sure over the, like, seven years of this podcast, yeah, something that we joke about multiple times.
Al: And then they announced it and I was like, oh, they've actually done it.
Al: Okay, so you talked about restoring the withered wastelands is kind of what you've been focused on
Al: mostly, but obviously you've done the whole main story.
Al: So, did you start by just like powering through the story or did you have to like pause your reconstruction efforts to go into the story because you were avoiding spoilers or something like that?
Micah: Um, so I initially started by like kind of taking my time with the withered wasteland.
Micah: And then when I realized how much more there was, I was like, oh, I should probably
Micah: explore a little bit more. And then when I decided what I wanted to do,
Micah: as far as like my build projects go, I was like, okay, I should probably get
Micah: Through as much as I can.
Micah: So that I unlock enough stuff to to be able to you know, consciously decide what I want to do with everything because you know you sometimes you like take your time and then you unlock a million things later and you're like, oh, I should have done this before and because now I have this that I can put instead of the thing that I actually put there and so on and so forth so I I was that in addition to the fact that it was a very high high profile game and I also.
Micah: Exist in a bubble where a lot of like Pokemon news and info is coming at me very quickly and I was kind of just like I should I should play through the story so that I don't get anything spoiled for me and so I did and I got through the story pretty quickly I wouldn't say like like I speed ran or anything I definitely took my time.
Micah: took the time to like appreciate and enjoy everything, but I got through it quicker than I think I usually would for something this in depth, so I think every time I like got to a new area and because I didn't know anything anything about you know what it was or like what the what the area is.
Al: Yeah, let's talk story then. What will your highlight?
Micah: for supposed to be aside from once I got the the gist that like with it wasteland was fuchsia city, I was like oh, I wonder what the other areas are going to be and then getting to those areas seeing them seeing the Pokemon there, it was I really enjoyed like being able to to kind of decipher what this area was supposed to be like what town this was supposed to be.
Micah: and then looking forward to thinking.
Micah: Like what's the next area, you know, like what other areas are in the game that, you know, can't tell areas are in the game?
Micah: That and the every area having like the end mission of every area having a legendary was kind of a neat thing to think like what's this area's legendary going to be, you know.
Al: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I love how the box they are, right? Because you start off with the first one
Micah: Uh, and nine times out of ten, I was wrong because.
Micah: Is what I expected?
Al: being coyoker and you're like, okay, I mean, it makes sense for what we're needing. Like,
Al: we need rain. Okay. Sure. Fine. Cayoga. Makes sense. Doesn't really make sense for where we are,
Micah: Right.
Micah: Mm-hmm.
Al: but you know what? The seas are connected. You can go wherever. All right. Fine. And then,
Micah: Yeah.
Al: oh, what was bleak beach? I'm trying to OEM. Oh, right. Cool. Yeah. Yeah.
Micah: League beaches, uh, right co.
Al: And just like, okay. Fine. Electricity. Okay. Makes sense. Again. Makes sense for the story. And
Al: I guess, kind of makes sense. Like, we're connected to Johto. Sure. Fine. And then you get to Rocky
Al: Bridges. And you're like, yeah, Volcanion. You're like, why? Why Volcanion?
Micah: okay and he just he just wants you to to just do a fireworks show that's it
Micah: you like oh we need rain we need light and he's like we need fun
Al: I also just love the em.
Al: And it's very clear that Volcanion was part of the problem, right?
Micah: 100%
Al: You know, 'cause Rocky Ridge's problem was volcano.
Al: And Oluk, there's volcano Pokémon here.
Micah: Right
Al: I wonder whether he could have had anything to do with that.
Micah: Yeah, weathered wasteland is like we had no rain and coyoteers like oh, okay here
Micah: I'm gonna give you some rain and then
Micah: Bleak beaches like it is completely dark out and right goes like oh, okay
Micah: Let me just let me give you some electricity and then Florkinians like who could have possibly put all this lava
Al: And he's, but he's also just like totally clear with his voice that he just does not care about humans is like, oh, thank goodness. I thought the humans were coming back, but they're not.
Micah: [laughing]
Al: Like, yeah, you, you, you did this the low, you didn't want the humans around, did you?
Al: Um, I always know it was Mewtwo, it was Mewtwo, it was Mewtwo who was like, I was worried that the humans were up to tricks again.
Micah: - Everyone else is kind of side-eyeing him
Micah: at the legendary meeting.
Micah: Oh, yeah, yep, yep.
Al: And he's like, but it's just you guys, so that we're all kids.
Micah: [laughing]
Micah: That too was also very interesting.
Micah: Like the whole, you know, there is a story, right?
Micah: And there's like the surface level story,
Micah: which is we gotta do all this stuff
Micah: 'cause we don't know where the humans are
Micah: and we gotta do these things to make the area better
Micah: and stuff, but the underlying story being
Micah: all of the excerpts and the journals
Micah: and the, you know, notes and whatever,
Micah: like that you don't necessarily have to find
Micah: that just kind of,
Micah: you find by exploring was the most interesting to me. I really, really enjoyed that. I liked
Micah: getting this glimpse into what was actually happening and learning that in chunks so that it was
Micah: always kind of like, you know, there's a twist here. There's more information on why these
Micah: Pokemon are here and why they are coming from these habitats and why these habitats
Micah: are like summoning them and things like that and still having kind of like a loose,
Micah: not full picture of what actually actually happened. You know, like, sure there's cataclysmic
Micah: events and there's adverse weather and things, but like not having a full definitive picture of what
Micah: actually happened, I think is like, maybe more interesting to me.
Al: Hmm. Interesting. I was kind of thinking that that is kind of like the plausible
Al: di- the plausible deniability almost so that they don't like turn off like anti-climate change
Al: skeptics or whatever, right? Like it's almost like it's to those of us who are, you know,
Al: saying it's so very clearly a climate change allegory, right? Like it's humans ruined the world
Micah: Yes. Yes. Yes.
Al: And then they went away.
Al: And they left all the Pokemon and they went away, and they're not coming back, right?
Al: They say they are, but they're not coming back, realistically.
Al: Sure, they might still be alive just now out in space.
Al: We got that confirmation.
Al: There's at least one out there, but like they're not coming back, but almost like not
Al: giving the confirmation allows them to be like people who would struggle with that
Al: cognitive dissonance can still continue to play, right?
Al: And just being like, oh, yeah, the Pokemon room in the world is sort of the thing.
Micah: Sure, yeah.
Al: It's it's it's almost like the standard Pokemon thing of like, don't have too many
Al: opinions, right?
Al: And I'm framing this as a negative thing.
Al: I'm not really because I don't think everything should be spelled out.
Al: And I think giving you absolutely all the answers and all of the explanations for everything
Al: is completely unnecessary, right?
Al: We love a little bit of mystery. We love a little bit like, you know, obviously
Al: like the the weather patterns are clearly a climate change thing, but like the
Al: ground rising up into the sky, not really a climate change thing. So there's there's
Micah: - Right, and that's where, and you know,
Al: still a bit of like, ooh, what does this mean, sort of?
Micah: and that's where I think it becomes like, I agree, right?
Micah: Like, there's totally, it's totally climate change allegory
Micah: and it's very obvious, but I guess there's still
Micah: that like implication maybe that like,
Micah: there was some greater thing that, you know,
Micah: some greater thing that had,
Micah: or not even necessarily just that like,
Micah: It was a greater thing like a, like a.
Micah: Pokémon or something, but like some big catastrophic fit like the fact that all of it was happening at once or something like that and also the, you know, what happened in, in saffron seated like a, was it the, what Skylands, the Skylands, I forgot what it's, I forgot the name for it, sparkling Skylands, that's it.
Al: - Yeah, yeah, yeah, okay, fair.
Al: Spark, Sparkling Skyline.
Micah: But I kind of, you know, there's, there's total...
Micah: Like, it's kind of interesting, like secrecy to it, that like, even if that is the case, you're right, like what happened, even if it is just climate change, which very could easily be the case, like what, what, what happened there for sure, you know, like what, what, and you know, there's that my theory at least, my, my assessment of it is that as much as Mewtwo says, like, I thought the humans were coming back, I don't know, I'm happy that they're not here.
Micah: Whatever, like, maybe that was his attempt to save that portion of, of the cities by lifting it up into the sky, or, because it's, it's this mysterious stone that like makes things float, right? Like, what, what's that mean? You know, like, that's that, that screams like psychic energy to me, right? Like, and it's, it's, it's all floating in a very haphazard way, like it was too much for him or it was too, you know, it was like.
Al: Oh, interesting. Mm.
Micah: And doing something of that magnitude was, was too intense and didn't, didn't go according to plan or whatever. And I don't know, there's just a lot of, there's, there's things like that where there's a lot of stuff that's unanswered that I kind of like is unanswered, and, you know, it's, it almost makes me, it sounds horrible to say.
Al: Mm-hmm. Yeah.
Micah: of these catastrophic things happens to these areas.
Micah: But it makes me want a DLC or something where we're getting more of the Kanto towns that have had catastrophes happen to them, that would be interesting to see what their catastrophe was or what the what the what legendaries tied to that or what more information we could glean from it.
Micah: And I'm kind of hopeful that like we get some sort of DLC or something. I think that like the game is done extremely well, right.
Micah: I think maybe better than they expected as far as like people people's the reception of it goes, you know, like.
Al: Yeah, I think so. I'm sure they hoped that it would do well, but there's no way they expected it to do this well.
Al: Like it has, it has, we don't know exact sales numbers, but we know it is the biggest, the best selling, uh,
Al: non main series Pokemon game. Like we got, we only, the only numbers we have are physical Japanese numbers,
Al: I think, and those on their own are more than any Pokemon side game. Full stop.
Micah: Yeah, which is wild to me and you know, I think with the first moment that I realized that like oh, this is going to be this is bigger than I think anybody expected to be was when
Micah: I was talking to a friend of mine and they were like, oh, I want to get it, but I want to get it physical and you know, a game keycard discussion aside, I was like, well, I don't want you and then I looked and everywhere
Al: - Mm-hmm.
Micah: that first like launch week, week and a half, it was sold out everywhere physically. Like you couldn't get it on Amazon, you couldn't get it at like best buy or whatever.
Al: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Micah: And that is so rare these days, like that a physical copy of a game is just completely unavailable in store, like not like a not like a limited edition something like just a standard physical copy of a game.
Al: It's also the first game. I saw people like actively going and buying switch to sport
Al: Like there were those of us who are you know, weirdos and bought it because we wanted them
Al: We knew that we'd be games we want to play in it and we had the money
Micah: Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Al: So we bought it because we knew we were gonna like it was going to happen
Al: So why not especially if you were in the US with the whole, you know, you know
Al: Situation, uh, so you know, there were those of us who did that but like nobody bought it bought a switch to for
Al: The new Mario car nobody bought a switch to for Donkey Kong
Al: Nobody bought a switch to for the switch to update for Mario Wonder
Al: Like none of these things were like people buying it for that but this I saw so many people on Tik Tok
Al: It's just going and buying a switch to for this game
Micah: Yep, yeah, yeah, I have
Al: Which is wild for a Pokemon side game
Al: Spin-off game like this is not a main series game. This is a random spin-off
Micah: Yeah, it's crazy
Al: And people are buying...
Micah: And I think because of that there is a little bit more
Micah: Chance than I think there would have been normally for there to be some sort of DLC that end the fact that we are essentially not looking at
Micah: having a
Micah: another mainline Pokemon game for a year.
Micah: minimum at this point. Right. We've we've got time and they have to fill that time with
Al: It's going to be a year and a half, right?
Al: It's going to be the October, November time.
Micah: something. And I think that, you know, Pocopeia being the game that they've that in champions, but,
Micah: you know, champions doesn't have maybe as broad of a peel. I think
Al: Yeah, do we talk about champions
Al: What
Micah: So, you know, I think maybe the...
Micah: the combination of those things is what's going to sustain them for the next, like, year,
Al: Are you trying to suggest that Pokemon champions is not a system seller?
Micah: um, year and a half, but...
Micah: [laughter]
Micah: No, no, I would never say that.
Al: The Pokemon only battles focused game that has like, what, 20 Pokemon?
Micah: no, I would never say that. People love that game. People are so excited to play that game.
Al: You think people aren't rushing out to buy consoles to play that?
Micah: I actually took a screen record on my switch because I got a bug, like a graphic bug within
Micah: the first, like, five minutes of launching it. I was like, this is, I can't, I can't believe.
Micah: You know, I can believe it, but also it's just.
Al: I think just as a side point of this, I think it's actually probably best that it is a life-service
Al: game because it means that they will just keep updating it and fixing it and adding things.
Micah: Yeah
Micah: Right
Al: And that was always going to be the plan.
Al: But it means that people aren't like, "Oh, I paid $60 for this game, and it's terrible.
Al: It's like, no, no.
Micah: Yeah, yeah. You know, and I also, this is another thing I've got a theory on. This is,
Micah: this is Mike's conspiracy corner, I guess. I'm talking about DLC for Pocopaed, I'm talking about,
Al: Let's go for it!
Micah: you know, champions. I think that what happened, I always like to think about like, not that I ever
Micah: am convinced that something happened, you know, because we'll never know. We know, we'll, they'll
Micah: never give us the like behind the scenes on what happened about something, one way or another,
Micah: uh, but I always like to, to look at when there is an issue with something, Pocopaed related,
Micah: why was there an issue? Like what, what, what was the, what was the route of the issue? And, you know,
Micah: I had said pretty early and I still feel very confident about this, especially now and kind of
Micah: indicated that the reason that Scarlet and Violet was so buggy was because I think it originally was
Micah: supposed to be a Switch 2 game.
Micah: Because of the delays in Covid and and you know chip shortages and whatever like they
Micah: postpone the Switch 2 but Pokemon can't postpone anything because they are on a strict schedule so
Al: Yeah. Yeah, I don't think I don't think it was never meant to be on the switch.
Al: I think it probably was meant to be on the switch as well.
Micah: Right yes, yeah totally hundred percent
Al: I think it was meant to be cross-platform.
Al: And the fact that we got Z is, you know,
Al: legendary being cross-platform as well.
Al: Can I made that sure for me, right? Like we're not, we're not even talking.
Micah: Yeah, right.
Al: Like it was what two years between the games coming out in the console,
Al: coming out and we've had years of rumors about the switch too.
Micah: Mm-hmm
Al: And it kept being, you know, delayed or whatever.
Micah: Just rumors yeah, yeah, and so I think that
Al: Definitely, right? I wonder, I wonder if we go based on that.
Al: I wonder, my, my current theory is that because of the scarlet and
Al: violent nonsense, they have pushed wins and waves one year out.
Al: I think it was meant to come out of the issue because there's no way they weren't planning for that.
Micah: Yeah, yeah, I think so too.
Al: 30th anniversary Pokemon game, like seriously, which I wonder,
Al: I wonder if champions was released early because of that.
Micah: I think, so this is my theory, this is my theory for champions, they announced at worlds last year.
Micah: That champions was coming and that it would be the platform for VGC for for 2026 that it would be the it would be what people would be playing.
Al: Yes. Yeah.
Micah: What the competition would be on and I think that there was some hiccup there's something that they they that you know it wasn't done, but they had to get it out because that you have to give your competitive players enough time with the the the platform in order to you know, compete in it at the world championships because if they didn't then what you know, like.
Al: Yeah. Yeah.
Micah: It's the...
Micah: The story just becomes that like the world championships are horrible because nobody had time to be able to play it, right?
Micah: Like, so I totally think that like it was not done. They pushed it.
Micah: They released it anyways because they had to.
Micah: And now they're just they're just gonna rush to fix a bunch of stuff in the aftermath.
Al: Yeah, which is fine. I mean, I just I feel like this is why I'm convinced that wins it was one of the reasons why I'm convinced
Al: Obviously the main reason I'm convinced the wins and waves has been delayed is because there's I just I can't imagine them
Al: Not planning to release it in the 30th and faster. It's just come on like if you think that they didn't want to do that
Micah: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I agree.
Al: Come on
Al: But they know but they know fundamentally that if they keep doing what they did with scarlet and violet that they
Al: Will lose all right like because yes, they have they are a juggernaut and they are one of the biggest media franchises of all time
Al: But you can lose you can die right there are companies that have been the biggest companies in the world and have died
Micah: Totally.
Al: It can happen and so I think they've realized that and this is good
Al: This is good for us because it means we get better games
Al: But here's the thing if wins and waves was always meant to come out next year
Al: Why would they have rushed champions out for this year when they could have just
Micah: I think that because they I think like I said I think that they they had full intention to be done with it and release it but I think that there was something in the development process that like it got hung up and rather than being able to delay it they already announced it as being the world's world's platform so like they can't you know.
Al: gone scarlet and violet for another year?
Al: Yeah. Well, that mean that's kind of that's kind of my point. That's kind of my point because
Al: by the by by worlds last year, they would have already known the wins and ways was delayed, right?
Micah: No, no, no I was talking about champions, you know.
Al: No, no, no, I know I get that I get that. Um, but if they if they had never planned for wins and
Micah: Yeah.
Micah: Mhm.
Al: ways to come out this year, I don't think they would have planned for champions.
Micah: Well, so because the world championships are in august right and if if they're launching if they keep with their like you know release schedule and they release wins and waves and we'll be here to be.
Micah: And then that wouldn't have been able to you wouldn't have been able to to compete using wins and waves also as far as I remember they historically don't make the the newest game the the competitive platform for at least a year or a season or whatever like to give people time to be able to like.
Al: I'm pretty sure that if they release in November you get the next worlds with it. I'm pretty sure that's always been the case
Al: But anyway, that's not really my point. My point is like I feel like the plan would have been to release both of them the same year
Al: You release champions you release champions around now
Micah: Yeah, yeah, I think that probably was, yeah.
Al: You release wins and waves in the end of the year
Al: And then you do have to think about Scarlet Violet and I guess my point is
Al: Winston waves being delayed, just cemented champions being for this year.
Micah: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Al: Whereas if they had always planned for Winston waves next year, I think they would have planned for champions next year as well.
Micah: Sure. Yeah. Yeah, I think so. I agree with that.
Al: Because then you just you just do an extra you just do one extra year for Scarlet and Violet and nobody really bats an eyelid, right?
Micah: Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah.
Al: But because they delayed and they're like, but we don't want to delay both of them. That's the thing.
Micah: Right. Yeah. And I think that like there it was always going to be the case that either way that
Micah: the champions was going to be the the competitive platform for this year because
Micah: if they're releasing wins and waves in November of this year, they've got to have something
Al: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. And they wouldn't want to be talking about
Al: Scarlett and Violet a month and you know, two months before the new game comes out. Right.
Micah: right. Yeah.
Al: Like that's, that's the thing. Whereas if it's a year away, that's a whole different story.
Al: But anyway, we, we have, we have gotten so far off the track. We're talking about
Micah: [laughing]
Al: a spike in the silence. I have one thing to say about Sparky Skylands where we're talking
Al: about it. Why are we're definitely still talking about it? Obviously, we're not.
Micah: Well, real quick, all this to say, I think that there is a good argument for there
Micah: is likely going to be some sort of DLC for this game. I think that they're doing,
Micah: they've already shown that they're doing the the animal crossing method of making,
Micah: yeah, like like time events that aren't actually timed. They're just specific to the, you know,
Micah: the holiday or whatever it is that's going on.
Micah: They're going to regularly keep up with those, it seems like, but I still think that there
Micah: will be some sort of quote-unquote title update that we'll get.
Al: I think so. I think so. My point just, this is completely random about sparkling silence.
Al: We've talked about this a couple of times on the podcast where I said a couple of weeks ago
Al: that I thought it was Celadon as well as Safron. And I have something happened this week
Al: in the game that confirmed it for me. I am 100% certain that this is at least part of Celadon
Al: as well as Saffron.
Al: - And I don't.
Micah: I am curious what that is, but also I fully agree with you before you even tell me what that is. I think that that's totally the case.
Al: I don't know if I can talk about it
Al: because it's something you've not done.
Al: I know for Saffron, you've not done.
Micah: Is it related to the mural.
Micah: Oh, okay.
Micah: Then I don't know, I don't know, maybe I'm okay with it.
Al: Okay, uh, it's it's a fun little thing, but it's not like a massive like, oh my goodness,
Al: I can't believe you told me that sort of thing.
Micah: Okay, also I will say that there's a lot of stuff that I've at this point seen because it's kind of unavoidable when use
Al: So what?
Al: No, you haven't seen you haven't seen this, I know for a fact you haven't seen this because
Al: when you complete the decks, you get, so you know, the, um, the, what's it called?
Al: The finder item you heard it with this, but I'll just, I'll say, I'll say, I'll definitely
Micah: Oh, I have, I have heard about this.
Micah: I have heard about it.
Micah: Yeah.
Al: say, so, um, what's it called the item finder, what's the, um, what's the official
Micah: The, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the dousing machine.
Al: name?
Al: That is a machine.
Al: You get our crafting recipe for a new, those in machine, I can remember it was called.
Micah: The Neo dousing machine or whatever? Yeah.
Al: And the main thing, yeah, that's what it's called, that's what it's called.
Al: The main thing about it is that it actually, it, it searches over a wider area.
Al: So the, the main thing is just it's a better version of it, but the other thing as well
Al: is that if you go to sparkling Skylans.
Al: it will lead you to an area with a final gate which you can find the gate if you're just
Al: fine if you're just looking around things I know that Kevin found the gate before he finished the decks
Al: because I don't think he's finished the decks but he's found the gate but to open the gate like all the
Al: other gates you have to hit a certain point and this one is you have to have the field X so once
Al: you've got the field X it opens up and it's the the game development office from Celedon.
Micah: Well, interesting.
Al: That's why it's confirmed to me like this is both it's not all of Celedon obviously there's
Al: you know not a lot of Celedon here but there is some and this just confers me to this
Al: because it's the top left island the one we find garidos on which of course is
Micah: Mm-hmm. Yep.
Al: left of the rest of it which is obviously the direction that Celedon would be from saffron so
Micah: Yeah, okay. Yeah, that doesn't make sense. And I have I have explored a lot of that that area. I mean, I've explored pretty much anything that I can explore. So
Micah: But yeah, it's
Micah: That's area and specific where you find Gyarados is is what made me feel like
Micah: Sell it on was a part of a part of that area
Micah: Just, you know, just saffron like that area and specific feels like
Al: Yeah, there's a couple of there's a couple of other things there. There's like something there's a bit really
Micah: Sell it on to me because it's it's apartment buildings, right, or like a
Al: There's a bit related to the game corner over there and stuff like that
Micah: Mm-hmm
Al: There's there's a few things that you find on that bit that are very clearly settled on relevant saffron
Micah: Yep
Al: So I just wanted to put that out there because people was people are like no, it's very clearly just saffron and I'm like no, it's both
Micah: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you know, they kind of dominated the whole section with saffron
Micah: lore because of silvco and stuff like that. But yeah, that whole section felt when I got there,
Micah: it did feel for sure, like seeing the apartment building and the areas that kind of look like they're
Micah: big like it like it was a shopping area.
Micah: And maybe it's like, you know, I don't know things that just felt more like areas that just didn't exist in saffron like buildings that didn't exist in saffron. It just gave me the sense that it was unrelated or it was very likely sell it on.
Micah: So, no, yeah, that's exactly what you asked me.
Al: All right. Where were we? Sorry, I just I felt they need to say that.
Micah: Like, what was my favorite part of the story? I think that was the only question that he passed me so far because we've gotten so sidetracked. But it's stuff like that. It's stuff that like there's there's secrets that like, you know, we don't have the answers to and I love that because one of my biggest gripes about Pokemon is a franchise and the games where they are now as opposed to where they were previously and what has made them not feel like Pokemon games to me.
Al: And so basically the answer is the answer is everything, right?
Micah: Is that there isn't this like sense of exploration or adventure, you know, like Scarlet and Violet just aside from what maybe the the the the I can't remember what they're called the the legend areas that are like in the the the something of ruination the what is it the.
Al: Oh, the ruined ruins of them. Ah...
Micah: You know, you know, I'm talking about the ones that are trapped by.
Micah: You know, behind the the doors and you got to get all the spikes and to you know that no, not the rooms about the in Scarlet and Violet, the the four legendaries that are that that's a harbinger's of through an agent or something. I don't know.
Al: at the ruins of alf. No another ruins of alf. Oh, um, why are they naming, why are they naming things
Al: so similar? Um, the treasures of ruin apparently ruin this pokemon treasure. Yeah, it's the
Micah: Yeah, the root. Yeah, those the ledge the four legendaries behind behind the gate, you know, and you get the spikes and the stakes and.
Al: treasure, the treasures of ruin. That's what they're called. The steaks. Yeah. Yeah.
Micah: And you on the that is like the extent of what felt like exploration in that game right because like.
Micah: There wasn't you know until you get to area zero then it's like everything it just feels empty it feels so like wide open and there's not really any.
Micah: I don't know just didn't feel just didn't be and I haven't felt that sense of like exploration or in a really long time. And it's because there isn't you know secrecy there isn't like.
Micah: You know stuff that you explore and and you don't have the answers to and even when you do find it you still don't have all the answers and things like that and I.
Micah: Love that they did that with this and I wish that they would do more of that with with mainline Pokemon games because, especially as they move to open world like vast open world because that's what makes.
Micah: open worlds feel lived in and feel like they've got
Micah: a lot, they've got a lot of lore and presence, and when you don't have that, it doesn't hit the same, it just feels like a big sandbox with nothing else to do in it, you know, and that's been my favorite part of this, it's just everything is like a new experience and a new, like, "Oh, what is this? Where did this come from? And what area is this supposed to be? What happened here?"
Micah: And I love that and I still
Micah: feel like 300 hours in I'm still finding things that I'm like, Oh, interesting. That's really interesting that that is like, you know, probably what happened here or whatever, you know, like, and I think that's that's probably my favorite part of the game is having that that sense of exploration.
Al: Yeah, no, I agree. It really is I
Micah: It's fascinating.
Al: Has I hesitate to use the word nice, but it feels like that I word right cuz it's it's generally such a
Al: Mediocre word, but it's also it feels like the perfect word for so much of this game. It's just nice
Micah: they've also done a really good job of what I would say is tapping into nostalgia without being
Micah: hamfisted about it. A lot of times when they do canto it's like, "Oh, look at this, remember
Al: Yeah.
Micah: this. It's exactly the thing that you remembered and it's exactly the way that you remembered
Micah: it and it except we made it prettier," whatever, you know, like, "And this is..."
Micah: they've done this in such a really successful way that I find myself feeling nostalgic
Micah: about things that I don't really understand why and then, upon further examination, I'm
Micah: like, "Oh, it's because there's a couple notes of the background music that are this track
Micah: from the canto region that I didn't expect to be here," whatever, you know, like, things
Micah: that it's
Micah: and that's definitely one of the moments that I'm talking about where you're like you are exploring this area and you're like oh yeah this is probably pewter right because it's it's the rocks and whatever you know and then you get to see that that's definitely one of the moments that I'm talking about where you like you are exploring this area and you're like oh yeah this is probably pewter right because it's it's the rocks and whatever you know and then you get to see that you're
Al: I've never cared about the future city museum until this game.
Micah: whatever, you know, and then you get
Micah: to the the the minds and you're like, okay, maybe it's not because there's all these minds and then you know what are the
Micah: you didn't have minds and you go through and then you wind up in the museum and you're like, oh my god it is, it's just
Al: [laughs]
Micah: it's such a cool experience that like finding the space room in there was
Al: Do not I was I was fixing up that room last week while watching some Artemis mission stuff which was a really fun little bit of
Micah: That's so cool. Yeah. Yeah, it's just it's it's made me feel the the like sense of child like wonder that I haven't felt in a Pokemon game in a really long time. And I think that's the the issue is that mainline Pokemon games have tried very hard recently in recent years to kind of like cater to the whims of, you know,
Al: stuff
Micah: adults. And it while still trying to maintain like being a family friendly and like kid friendly franchise. And they kind of like fly in the face that a little bit with this or like the events of the game are very dramatic and not, you know, something that you would expect them to discuss in like a like a kid's game like the extinction of the human race essentially or like the potential extent.
Micah: And, you know, these catastrophic events and everything is falling apart and and but they do. And on top of that, it still manages to feel more like a like a like a, you know, that that get more of that child like wonder than you do out of any of the other things that they've that they've done recently. And I think that that's like really says a lot about how successful they were in.
Micah: And I'm just making this game what it is and how it speaks to people and have why it's been so well received to. And it's got legs because of that and I'm excited to see, you know. Yeah, totally.
Al: It's almost
Al: Yeah, it feels like people cared about it, which is which is definitely what
Al: You feel as rough as they feel now when you go back to them
Al: You still feel like in the first games people really cared about them, right?
Al: Like this was what they wanted to do and I'm not saying that no games no
Al: More modern Pokemon games have had that but like you definitely feel it more I think in this than anything else
Micah: Yeah, for sure.
Al: I think what I'm mostly impressed by is
Al: How you managed to tell a cohesive story with so much that you just could just avoid, right?
Al: Like you can spend the entire game not seeing most of the story, but it still feels
Al: cohesive enough, and fill in.
Micah: yeah totally it's and it's got you know it's it's it's got layers in that way that like you know
Micah: at the most base level you understand everything that's going on or like you not everything but you
Micah: you understand enough of what's going on to be able to enjoy it and see it as a cohesive story
Micah: and then there are deeper level deeper levels to the story that if you explore and if you
Micah: you know really dig into it then you'll find more and there's more to to you know
Micah: kind of reward you for doing that deeper exploration there's like layers to the story and
Micah: that's I don't know it's just rewarding exploration is like one of the greatest things that
Micah: they can do in modern Pokemon and I feel like they really haven't been until this so
Al: Yeah.
Micah: it's just it's just a wonderful game there's a reason that I've put 300 hours into it it's just
Micah: I just really love it. I think it's a really wonderful experience.
Al: What do you foresee your future plan?
Al: So obviously, you're going to, you're going to restore and which I, you know,
Al: I've talked a little bit about this.
Al: How this clearly two types of people playing this game.
Al: You either want to just like level everything and recreate what the first
Al: version of Kanto was or you want to kind of like work with what there is and
Al: try and make a society that has changed, which you can, you can think of it as deeply
Al: or not.
Al: But I feel like those are kind of like the two types of people.
Al: So you're going for the second one, is that right?
Micah: - I would say I'm maybe somewhere in between.
Al: Okay, speak more on that.
Micah: Little bit more on the second one,
Micah: but somewhere in between.
Micah: My project that I'm working on, essentially,
Micah: that I'm recording and planning to edit into a,
Micah: like cohesive showcase of what I did
Micah: and why I did it and so on and so forth,
Micah: is, you know, starting with the Withering Wasteland.
Micah: It's because it's the first area is essentially rebuilding Fuchsia to its quote-unquote
Micah: formaglory.
Micah: But with the caveats of what they've given us, some of the bones that they've given us,
Micah: some of the history of Fuchsia across the different versions of Fuchsia, because we've
Micah: got, you know, five different versions of Fuchsia to reference.
Micah: That has its own kind of history over the generations where, you know, the safari zone
Micah: has evolved, the owner of the safari zone has moved the safari zone has turned into something
Micah: else entirely.
Micah: And this is, you know, not taking into account the concept of alternate timelines and alternate,
Micah: you know, there's plenty of speculation to be had about that.
Micah: It's too much to reasonably take in a consideration when you're trying to do something
Micah: like, you know, kind of rebuild based on what you have, what info you have.
Micah: But I'm also doing it in a way that caters to my like sensibility for it is that I want
Micah: it to cater to the Pokemon and not just the people, like in the way that, you know, these
Micah: These are Pokemon that had trainers, right?
Micah: They are not just something else that's interesting to think about.
Micah: These Pokemon were all Pokemon that had trainers because their trainers had to put them in the system, right?
Micah: They put them in the fail-safe system, and so they are Pokemon that have associations with humans,
Micah: and in a lot of cases, it seems like positive associations with humans.
Micah: So giving them something that gives
Micah: them the sense that the fondness of what it was like living with humans but still
Micah: making it about their comfort rather than strictly specifically human comfort.
Micah: So like as an example, Fuchsia had what was sort of like a zoo in a lot of the iterations
Micah: of the early iterations of it especially where they had these enclosures and they had
Micah: Pokémon in these enclosures and it was like slowpoke and Voltorre.
Micah: And we're essentially just like enclosures in a zoo.
Micah: So, while taking that into account, I've also turned those into habitats for those specific Pokémon.
Micah: So, they still exist, but they exist for the sake of the Pokémon rather than for the sake of the humans.
Micah: And, you know, sort of rebuilding a mock safari zone that...
Micah: It also takes into account, like, making this comfortable thing for the Pokémon rather than being a spectacle for humans.
Micah: And it's just been fun and interesting, like, trying to, like, get self-imposed those rules on myself and, like, rebuild in that way.
Micah: So, that it's not just, it's usually exactly as Fuchsia was, you know, before the catastrophe.
Micah: And you know, taking
Micah: like in gen 7 and let's go, there was a building that was kind of added that wasn't in previous versions of fuchsia that was like sort of like a like an expert office.
Micah: It's the building that's in the top right. And it's just kind of like an office building, essentially, there's like...
Micah: computers in there and desks and it's like a welcome center sort of. It's you know, I think sort of like it kind of feels like a safari zone like staff center.
Micah: But there's a lot of like expert trainers in there, right? Like black belts and you know, there's trainers that are like talking about their expertise with specific types of Pokémon and so on.
Micah: So like, you know, trying to implement bits and pieces from across the like five iterations.
Micah: so that it's not just like generation one, you know, red, blue, green, fuchsia, or like just,
Micah: you know, generation seven, let's go peak to Evie fuchsia. It's a kind of like a combination of
Micah: culmination of all the different versions of fuchsia across the generations. And it's just been fun
Micah: doing that. And it's the thing that I feel most like personally validated by and doing it is that
Micah: I can't stop myself from as I'm doing
Micah: with this thinking about thinking ahead to like when I move on to bleak beach, all of the plans that I have for for for a million city and the SSAN and like all the stuff that I want to do there and all the stuff that I want to do with rocky bridge and like you know, there's just it just is such a like fun, interesting experience for me and an interesting way to like relive those areas in this format that I just I
Micah: it tells me that what I'm doing is like you know, is I'm getting positive feedback from it my set from myself, you know, like and it's it makes it really fun. It makes it really fun way to play the game and to to I don't know to be playing it have a reason to keep playing it. So.
Al: Fair enough, meanwhile, about a subway station and a giant tree, so.
Micah: And I love it. See that's that's what's so like when I'm working on stuff like this and I'm doing things, you know, like in the game I'm like working on a specific building or whatever, like I'm usually watching videos on YouTube of like people's builds and like what they've done with their areas and stuff and I just it's so fat. There's no like, you know, the same way with like Minecraft or Animal Crossing or whatever. Like there's no one way to play the game and I love seeing everybody's builds for the game, you know, you know,
Micah: things like I watched someone build an entire KFC and I thought it was like fascinating and I glean some really important knowledge from it too. Like I learned from that video how you can make your own custom art science and stuff and and that is crazy to me that people just seeing people do auto farms and their storage systems and just all of these things that people have already managed to like figure out how to do
Al: [laughing]
Micah: with this game that like I even 300 hours it I wouldn't have never thought to do is so cool and like seeing how people are taking these areas and making them their own or like making their pallet town its own thing is just I don't know it's so cool and interesting and fun. I just love seeing people having fun with it and it makes me want to see everybody's, you know, like
Al: Yeah
Micah: I wish that and I'm sure there is and I haven't necessarily looked but I'm sure that there's some, you know, community of like here's here's my cloud island address come check it out and so on. I have so far seen the dev island and the IKEA island and that is the extent of like my cloud island visiting
Al: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I've seen I've seen quite a few of them
Al: I haven't I haven't actually been to the IKEA one. I did go to the dev one was did I purely go to photograph a few things items that I needed and print them back home. Yes, yes, I did
Micah: It's cool. I love that so because it's even then it's like, you know, I'm seeing things that like, I wouldn't have thought that the devs are like, Hey, did you know you can do this?
Al: Yeah. Well, this, this is what I love about it. So like, I saw, so I've seen a lot of
Al: ticked off videos of people like creating automation things and stuff. And they're great fun to
Al: watch. And so I ended up creating one of the farming ones, um, which was fun. So like a push of a
Al: button, I, all of my crops harvest, which I just love. Um, and then, because have you seen the
Al: things where you, you have like the sensor and you have, um, the, the hatch.
Al: And so, yeah, so, so like, but it's like, you make it to actually move the sense, the, like,
Al: because there's nothing like redstone, you have to like, create this chain of hatches and sensors,
Micah: Yeah, yep, yes.
Al: which is hilarious. And I love it. But what I didn't realize until I went to the dev island is
Al: that's on the dev island. The devs explicitly use that. So there's, uh, there's a hatch that if you go in,
Micah: Oh, where is it on the Dev Island?
Al: It takes you down underground.
Micah: Oh, yep. I do it. Yeah. I do remember that now.
Al: And then it you end up at this place where like I can't remember what happens, but is there like a flow of water that suddenly starts. Yeah, you're right a car.
Micah: You ride a cart. Yeah, it's like a waterfall down the side of the wall.
Al: Yeah, yeah, if you if you go behind the waterfall, you find this chain of hatches and sensors that lead you up to there was a sensor when you walked in and it starts off this slow chain that by the time you get down to the bottom, it then it starts the flow of water.
Micah: that's so cool I love that yeah that's that's the stuff that's like yeah yeah
Al: It's so clever.
Al: But you only notice that if you if you go in and look at things.
Micah: that's the stuff that's fascinating to me because like I just do not have the
Micah: brain for that like I just don't have the brain for like running sensors and
Micah: hatches in a way that will like, you know, I can I can
Micah: look at someone else's build and mimic that and like recreate that. But like doing it myself, absolutely not. There's absolutely no way that I just I have the brain for it. And so seeing people do that is so fascinating to me. It's so cool.
Al: Yeah.
Al: Yeah, yeah. All right, we could probably talk about this for hours.
Al: Should we wrap up there?
Micah: Yeah, that's probably it.
Al: Because I just, like, we could, like, you know, we've talked about the important stuff we talked about, what you're liking, what you're up to.
Al: You know, you're the stuff that you think is best about the game.
Micah: Yeah, absolutely. And I would love to, if, you know, people want to share their cloud island
Al: Suffice to say you like it, and if people are still listening to this and they haven't played the game, they should probably play it.
Micah: addresses and whatever, I would love to see more. I want to see what you've been up to too,
Micah: because we've talked about it a little bit. We've talked about a lot today, but we've talked
Micah: about it a little bit and like how much we're enjoying and whatever, but I haven't seen anything
Micah: I would love to see what everybody, because every time I see somebody's stuff, every time I see
Micah: somebody's build, it's like new inspiration to. It's like, oh, I could do this or I could, you know,
Micah: I never thought about doing it that way. And I think that that's so, that's so fun. That's like
Micah: exactly what animal crossing or like Minecraft is, you know, you see someone's build and you're like,
Al: Yeah
Micah: oh my god, I never thought about doing that. It's just, it's great.
Al: Yeah, yeah no agreed I mean my cloud island isn't much to talk about but maybe I'll post some videos of my my local stuff
Micah: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I do, that's the last thing I'll say is that like the extent of cloud island
Micah: that I've done is, you know, we have a work cloud island for my job, which is working for a YouTuber
Micah: who makes Pokemon related YouTube content. So, but one of the, is, you know, one of the,
Micah: the kind of videos that we do pretty regularly is Rob Hunt style, you know, like hide and seek.
Micah: And so we did a lot of it during Scarlet and Violet with Blueberry Academy and like Synchro and
Micah: doing a lot of it now with this because this is the perfect game to do it in with the transform feature
Al: the prop hunt that that stuff is such a funny thing for them to add in like it just
Micah: and uh, oh, totally.
Al: imagine the conversation and being like oh so we're gonna add this thing where you
Al: can like you know turn into any item in the game oh okay cool why why it's like no
Micah: right
Micah: Right, and I do think to some degree
Al: no trust trust us so it's like someone to be on the team who's like no trust me
Al: this is you need this is this is for this is for the social media right trust me
Micah: Yeah
Micah: Right totally I totally think that there is because there's a I even you know my the the person that I work for aside like there
Micah: Tons of people who do that sort of like that did for scarlet and violet era did like synchro
Micah: You know hide and seek and prop hunting. There's a lot of that
Micah: content on YouTube and that you know got really popular on Twitter and on TikTok and
Micah: whatever like and I fully believe to some degree that someone saw that and and was like oh that's
Micah: really fun that people are doing that let's give them more reason to do stuff like that you know
Micah: because it it does you know for the sake of social media push it further and get people you know
Micah: It gets more eyes on it and gets
Micah: more virality out of it and whatever for whatever that's worth, you know, which in this day and age is worth a pretty reasonable amount, but that has been the extent of our my cloud island experience has been we have a work cloud island where we basically are like building sets and then they record like prop on with the sets that we build, which has been a lot of fun to just like
Micah: look at things and items in the game be like, Oh, if they transform into this and they, you know, like position themselves here that could be fun for like, you know, tricking people into thinking that they're one thing or another, you know, there's just an extra level of like creativity and building that that adds and makes it really fun for just anybody to be able to be like, Hey, you want to hop on to this island and like place some hide and seek for a little bit like that.
Micah: It's a it's a neat thing. It's something fun to that like, you know, when my nephew has this game, I can see myself doing a lot of with him rather than just like building stuff, you know, it's like a it's like an actual game that we can play.
Al: Yeah, for sure. Yeah, my, uh, Craig, my son, he, he's been very much into Minecraft recently
Micah: So yeah.
Al: and he's been watching me play Pocopia. I'm saying, Oh, when can I play that game?
Al: But of course the problem man is I tell him, I tell him, see all these things that I'm
Micah: Yeah, that's like kind of the situation with Becky too, like not totally because she's, you know, kind of casually playing through it and not at the like speed that I did because she's not on social media. So she has that has the, you know, that added benefit of like not having to worry about having stuff spoiled for her.
Al: using. Yeah, you have to play through the story to unlock them and he's like, Oh, okay,
Al: not not interested anymore.
Micah: She will like watch me play and see things and be like, Oh, wait, where did you get that from? I'll be like, Oh, you got to keep playing. She's like, Oh, okay. I'll get there eventually.
Al: Yeah. Yeah. Maybe I'll let him play on my cloud island. That's why I did with their animal crossing.
Al: He, he has his an island on his switch, but he got, he just got really bored really quickly because
Al: he didn't have any of the things. And so what I ended up doing was when they released the 3.0 update,
Micah: Oh sure yeah.
Al: I was like, well, you can have, uh, you can have a dream island if you want. So he's got a dream island
Al: on my, my switch. So it's like maybe, maybe I'll let him have the, the cloud island and he can just
Micah: Oh, okay. Yeah, that's cool.
Al: uh, dear. Anyway, thank you for joining me, Mike out to talk about Pocopia, uh, maybe, um,
Micah: I appreciate that you almost called me Kevin because I think that he's been on every episode
Al: it's, you can't lie, did you?
Micah: If I'm gonna be called any if I'm mistaken for anybody I appreciate that it's Kevin so
Al: So, the real question is, what will we be next together for?
Al: Will there be a new story of seasons this year?
Al: Will we have the new Harvest Moon game come out sometime?
Al: We don't have a date for that yet, or will it be the game of the year?
Micah: Or more pokopia, or...
Al: Or more procreate, yeah, because who knows, maybe there will be DLC.
Al: I suspect the Will be DLC, and I suspect we'll get an announcement this year.
Micah: Or four?
Micah: Yeah.
Al: But I don't think we're getting a release this year.
Al: That's my theory.
Micah: Oh, it released for DLC, you mean?
Al: DLC, yeah.
Micah: Yeah, I mean, I think we'll get like, you know, seasonal updates up until the holidays.
Al: Yes, oh, yeah, yeah.
Micah: And then I think we'll probably get something for that.
Al: I don't think any of those will need a full episode, though.
Micah: No, no.
Al: Here's a full episode for another Hopper event, right?
Micah: I mean, I would love to do a full episode on the Bulbasaur's jump rope contest event specifically, but...
Al: Like, you got--
Al: [laughs]
Al: Yeah, I forgot about that.
Micah: I don't even know what it's supposed to happen, but...
Al: It's not even adding a new thing.
Al: The game is just a thing that's already in the game.
Micah: That's right. Well, you get a trophy. That's new. The trophy's new.
Al: Hey, do this.
Al: Yeah, okay, sure, sure, that's you.
Al: But, such a ridiculous event is like, hey, this thing that exists, do it again.
Micah: You know, it's a slow start to...
Micah: It's spring and there's not a lot of aside from Easter, you know, there's not a lot of like holidays going on or whatever, you know, we got time.
Al: Oh, we're gonna, are we gonna get some snow on the ground?
Micah: I'm sure we'll get Delly Bird come come Christmas season holiday season.
Micah: I don't know. Okay, so one last mic is conspiracy corner before we get out of here.
Al: Oh, here we go. Can I just point out I tried to finish the episode and he just kept going right before someone says that I'm keeping him longer.
Micah: I, you did. You did. I have to get
Micah: this out of my system though. I got to get this out of my system before before we depart.
Micah: I read something. This is always this is always this is how you know that it's going to be
Micah: a really good and valid point when someone starts the story by saying I read something on Reddit.
Micah: I, I saw somebody post something on Reddit that normally I have a very good mind to be like,
Micah: nah, that's, you know, it's a stretch, whatever, like maybe sure, but like that's a stretch.
Micah: I kind of feel like they're onto something.
Micah: They specifically said in regards to DLC, in regards to like added areas, that there are a
Micah: lot of Pokemon that are missing from the Pokedex that are ice Pokemon. They're not a lot of
Micah: ice related Pokemon in the Pokedex. And they said, I think it would be really fascinating if we got
Micah: cerulean and their catastrophic event was that it froze over. And that was
Micah: include adding a lot of ice types. And I think that that's a really interesting idea, and I like that.
Micah: I mean, either that or Cinnabar, right? Like Cinnabar Island would be an easy thing to add as like
Micah: it's an island, you know, like that maybe froze over because it's too close to maybe like there was
Al: Mm-hmm. It is an island. Yeah, you're correct. It's in the name
Micah: you know, it froze over from, I'm blanking on what, um, the Whirlpool Islands? No, that's
Micah: Yeah, what's the, what's our cocoona? What is the seafoam? Yeah, maybe like seafoam,
Al: see foam. There we go, few. I thought I'd lost, I thought I was losing my Pokemon fan card there.
Micah: is maybe seafoam like, you know, there was something maybe our cocoona went, went wild and it froze
Micah: over. I don't know. But I think like adding a whole area that's specifically for ice types like adding
Micah: ice types in would be very cool and interesting. Um, and
Al: Yeah, that's true. I'm not really seeing any ice tapes. That's a good point.
Micah: yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Also, I want celiby. Just give me celiby. Give me, give me
Micah: checkerita. There's no checkerita because they did that Pokemon thing where they're like,
Micah: we can't include the most recent starters for a game in the thing. So I don't know why we're still doing it. But,
Al: [laughter]
Micah: you know, just give me, I mean,
Al: No, they need to save Sayla before, like a future game,
Al: where we go back in time and see what happens.
Micah: - Oh, for Pocopia too.
Micah: We go back to Pocopia one, let's elevate.
Al: For copy of two, this time is Johto.
Micah: It's, let's go Joto all over again.
Al: I mean, do you-- right, OK.
Al: We're going to-- we're going to stop here.
Al: Thank you for joining me.
Al: blah blah blah. Oh, so, what was my list? Where's my list of stuff? Is there anything you'd like to share with the audience?
Micah: Thanks for having me.
Micah: I'm, this was a lot of fun.
Micah: Yeah, I don't if if you are a Pokemon enjoy your
Micah: and you're gonna be at North American Internationals in New Orleans. I'll be there and I'm
Micah: bringing the Dan Club. If you don't know what the Dan Club is, if you give me a copy of the Dan
Micah: card from Rebel Clash, which is just a guy, then I will draw your favorite Pokemon on a Dan Club card
Micah: and then you're part of the club. That's it. Also, you can find me on pretty much anything. I haven't been
Micah: on Twitch because I've been moving and I've been very busy, but I plan to get back to it,
Micah: so you can find me there, Mike of the Brave. It's been a lot, man. You know?
Al: excuses excuses I know I know the feeling we've had our kitchen redone and so
Al: we were without a kitchen for eight weeks and let me tell you it's it's the
Micah: Oh, that's brutal.
Al: same sort of thing as moving right like you just don't you don't realize how
Al: much you appreciate certain things until you don't have it it's like when you're
Micah: - Right, exactly.
Micah: Also.
Al: an entire it wasn't our entire life but it was our entire kitchen was in boxes
Al: And just like where is everything and we spent eight weeks eating like writing
Micah: [laughs]
Al: meals and take out and I just like all my word I just want to cook some chili or some pasta sauce or like give me something
Micah: Yeah, exactly. Yeah, that's a hundred percent. I mean we had first we had paper plates and plastic forics and
Micah: freezer meals for the first like two weeks. We were here cuz we just didn't have anything on we didn't have anything on box
Micah: I'd almost had unlocked cuz that's the I've that's how game brain I am right now, but
Al: [laughter]
Micah: yeah, it's a
Micah: It's a I also don't know what my internet situation is like as far as streaming goes like it seems fine
Micah: But like, you know, it's a new place new area new whatever so like I don't even know if it can handle it
Micah: We're gonna find out, but eventually I'll be back
Al: I mean, this call's been turning great, so, you know, it can handle that.
Micah: Yeah, yeah, it's a I think when I'm you know up up
Micah: upstream a bunch of like video and audio them. It's like
Micah: Doesn't know what to do, but cuz it's still it's still spectrum. So
Micah: But you can also find me on pretty much any I don't know you can find me on any social media pretty much
Micah: at Mike of the Brave
Al: Where are the absolute worst? All right, you can find the podcast on Tumblr and on blue sky at THS pod.
Micah: It's it's bad
Al: You can send us feedback from our website harvestseason.club where you can also find links told
Al: the different thing to do with the podcast, including our patreon patreon.com/THS pod.
Al: Where you can support the podcast, you get access to our slack and access to our bonus episodes.
Al: I've been really slack. You might say on boosting bonus episodes recently, so I will hopefully
Al: get some more up very soon. Yeah.
Al: How's everything? Thank you again for joining me, Micah.
Micah: That's big. Thank you for having me. This was a lot of fun. Thank you for letting me
Micah: yeah, because nobody does, um, all alone all day. I'm very lonely.
Al: I'm always here for the Micah episode. Thank you, listeners, for listening and until next time have a good harvest.
Micah: Have a good harvest.
Theme Tune: The Harvest Season is created by Alan McKinley, with support from our patrons, including our
Theme Tune: pro farmers, Kevin Stewart and Alisa.
Theme Tune: Our art is done by Micah the Brave, and our music is done by Nick Brutus.
Theme Tune: Feel free to visit our website, harvestseason.club for show notes, and links to things we
Theme Tune: discussed in this episode.
Al: Of course, what I should be saying is there's no news. Why is there other than pokopia? Come on
Al: I see Kevin's been in our show notes. He's been sneaking a peek about what's coming up
Al: He can't cope when there's a pokopia episode without him
Micah: As you've been, not all of them so far.
Al: Not quite he was not he wasn't on the map one
Al: I think he's known the rest. It wasn't meant to be, he wasn't meant to be online.
Micah: Oh, okay.
Al: Last week's one about the multiplayer, but we had a little issue with Nathan, so I got him to swap in instead, because I was not able to record.
Micah: I see, I see.
Al: So, yeah, only one of this is only the second for coffee episode, he's not being on.